* FDM Specific INI parameters

There are few sections in the INI file specific for 3D printing.

** General

In the general FDM section parameters that relate to FDM with Machinekit
in general are defined.

*** FDM

*VELOCITY_EXTRUSION_ENABLE* Enables velocity extrusion mode

*NUM_LIGHTS* Number of lights

*NUM_EXTRUDERS* Number of extruders

*NUM_FANS* Number of fans

** Heaters

Machinekit has a INI section for each heating element. These are named
=EXTRUDER_n= for the extruders (n is the number of the extruder), =HBP=
for the heated build platform and =HBC= for the heated build chamber. It
supports the following parameters:

*** EXTRUDER_n, HBP or HBC

*PID_PGAIN* P gain value of the PID component

*PID_IGAIN* I gain value of the PID component

*PID_DGAIN* D gain value of the PID component

*PID_MAXERRORI* Maximum I error values of PID component

*PID_BIAS* Bias value of the PID component

*PWM_MAX* PWM value limitation (0-1)

*TEMP_RANGE_POS_ERROR* Positive temperature error range value. The
temperature range specifies how much temperature tolerance should be
accepted for the temperature to be in range.

*TEMP_RANGE_NEG_ERROR* Negative temperature error range value

*TEMP_LIMIT_MIN* The minimum temperature limit for this heater.
Temperatures outside the limit lead to triggering a error.

*TEMP_LIMIT_MAX* The maximum temperature limit for this heater.

*TEMP_STANDBY* The standby temperature for this heater.

*THERMISTOR* Thermistor table to use for this heater.

*RETRACT_VEL* Retraction velocity for this extruder.

*RETRACT_LEN* Retraction length for this extruder.

** Probing

If you have a probing head you need add a few probing related section to
your INI file in order to use the G29 and G30 codes.

The =PROBE= section contains values related the probe head. X, Y and Z
offset are stored in the tool table as tool offsets. For every probing
point you need to define a =Pn= section containing the coordinates of
the probing point. At least one probing point needs to be defined.
Currently only a single point is supported.

*** PROBE

*COUNT* The number of probe points to use. Currently only one supported.

*SEARCH_VEL* Search velocity when probing.

*TOOL_NR* Tool number of the probe head to use for X, Y and Z offsets.
Usually 100.

*START_Z* The Z position at which probing should be started. Before
probing all machine offsets are cleared. Therefore Z is relative to the
homing position.

*END_Z* The Z position to which the probing head should be moved after
probing. This position is in relation to the new offset values after
probing. Therefore setting this value to 1 will result in the nozzle
being placed 1mm above the build platform.

*HBP_TEMP* When defined this value specifies the temperature the heated
build platform should have when probing is utilized. Specifying this
parameter is useful when using a inductive probe sensor and metal build
platform.

*** Pn

*X* X position of the probing point. *Y* Y position of the probing
point.
